[pained groan]
[gasping]
L-Lord Hadlar, what's wrong?
[groaning]
[chuckle]
My transformation
into a Superior Being
was done too
hastily, it seems.
It's put quite a
strain on my body.
Should I continue
to fight in this state,
I'll not last long.
Albinass: Is defeating
the boy and his friends
worth all this suffering?
Hadlar: Of course.
I would pay with my life.
I want to know.
I need to know
how powerful I can be
if I cast every part of me
aside in the name of victory!
But power alone
is meaningless.
It seems no matter
how strong I am,
there's always
someone stronger.
Dragon Knights,
King Vearn...
I don't expect I'll ever be able
to surpass their abilities.
But still, the Disciples
of Avan plague my dreams.
The swordsman may be no more,
but his remaining students
continue to threaten my legacy.
I never really defeated Avan;
he lives on through them.
And I will not rest until
they have all been destroyed.
But my lord, if...
Forgive me.
You're born of
Forbidden Magic.
You can't live if I die.
Hym: It doesn't
matter. We are yours.
We exist only to
fulfill your ambitions!
And if it means
sacrificing ourselves...
It would be our
greatest honor.
Hadlar: Hym... your eyes...
This doesn't make any sense-
this can't be happening.
I'm no human!
But, Hym... those are tears!
Fenbren: I beg you,
Lord Hadlar. Forgive me.
Fenbren?!
I see now... No wonder they
call it the "Field of Death."
We need to hurry
and find Chiu.
Popp: Chiu!
Are you okay?
C'mon. You better be alive.
Please - wake up.
Chiu: Oh.
You're all here
to rescue me...
What happened?
I found this for you.
You're welcome.
Chiu: Once I give everyone
the new intel I've gathered,
you're all gonna
be thanking me.
Popp: All right.
Take it easy.
You're such an idiot!
Why are you even out here?!
You are never going
to hear the end of this,
you know - you reckless
little weirdo!
Does he really think we're the
ones who drove off his attacker?
Yeah.
Based on these wounds, I
would guess it was the bishop.
Crocodine: What's wrong?
Hey, Popp...
you take Chiu and the
others and get out of here!
Huh? What's the problem?
Popp: Even with these extra
guys I can still take everyone.
Hyunckel: Forget about us.
Head back to the base
and get them patched up.
Don't be ridiculous.
The two of
you are strong...
Please, Popp. Go now.
All right...
Popp: Whatever you're
doing, just be careful.
Care to explain yourself?
There. Now, come on
out, I know it's you.
Baran: It's been
a while, you two.
Crocodine: Baran?!
I rather thought my presence
would be undetectable.
I must admit; you've improved.
It was wise to send that Mage
home and out of harm's way.
He once lost his
life because of me.
If he knew I was here,
he might've lost his nerve.
Well, then.
Have you come to settle things
once and for all with Dai?!
You keep away from him!
The remaining
kingdoms are about to
gather all of their forces
and attack the Dark King.
They need a leader like Dai...
One that can hold their
own on the battlefield!
I'm of the same mind, Baran.
That is why I chose
to stay, after all.
I would risk my life
to keep a fight like that
from ever happening again.
You can put whatever
you want on the line,
but you two cannot defeat me.
Crocodine: We'll see!
Now, settle down.
I'm not here to fight you.
And I don't want
to fight Dai, either.
Baran: My new objective
is the Dark King himself...
and him alone.
The Dark King Vearn?
You're turning against him?!
So what changed?
I owe you no explanations.
He cannot be allowed
to live. That's all.
Crocodine: Baran, wait.
If this is the truth then
our objectives are aligned!
Let us finally put the past
to rest... and work together!
You saved our
friend, didn't you?
With you by our side, our
forces would be truly fearsome.
Please...
For Dai!
Hyunckel: Crocodine
- get away!
[pained groan]
It's my task... mine!
Hyunckel: Crocodine!
[roaring punch]
[groaning]
I am the Dragon
Master General.
You dare insult me?
Humanity is still
nothing more than
another enemy
to be disposed of.
I would rather
perish than help them!
I only saved the rat
because I stumbled upon him
while searching for an
entrance to Vearn's stronghold.
Nothing but chance.
Now, I know the
entrance is underwater.
They claim that not even a
Dragon Knight can penetrate it.
We'll see about that.
Hyunckel: Wait, Baran...
Go by yourself
and the enemy will
focus their entire
strength upon you alone...
Baran: Let them.
I will cut down every minion
that Vearn sends my way.
From here on,
this battle is between the true
Dragon Knight and the Dark King.
It will be a fight
beyond your rank.
Go back if you want to live.
Return to my son.
Hyunckel [thought]:
Those eyes...
He's not the same
Baran I once knew.
Could it be?
This was our forward base.
Now it looks more
like a field hospital.
There's still time to regroup.
Chiu and the others are okay.
They've all been healed.
And they're resting now.
Dai: That's great!
I sure hope
Hyunckel and Crocodine
can still get back safely...
Amy: Popp, how could
you leave them behind?!
Well, I...
It's just that...
he got so weird and
serious all of sudden.
He wouldn't take no
for an answer.
Dai: What would make
Hyunckel act like that?
Popp: What's wrong?
I'm... not sure.
Hyunckel: Stop. I can't
let you go any further!
Baran: Don't
test me, Hyunckel.
I didn't come here
to humiliate you two.
Oh, I know. But now I
understand what you're after.
What you plan to do.
You intend to throw your
life away to protect Dai!
Not even a Dragon Knight
can emerge from a fight
with an enemy like
Vearn unscathed,
and you're not expecting
to, either. Are you?
But I won't allow you to
do this, Baran. You can't.
It's a hopeless battle,
even if it is for your son!
Baran: If you care about Dai,
then wouldn't letting me do
this be better for the boy?
Why stop me?
You go alone,
you won't come back.
I'm not letting that happen!
You see...
I leave Master Baran...
and Dino in your hands.
This Dark Armor Spear
that you see me wield...
it was given to
me for a reason.
Baran [thought]: Larhart?
You would try to
dissuade me from this?
Just a boy.
Did you really think I
would obey someone like you?
Hyunckel: 'Course not.
Hyunckel: Sadly, my only
choice is to defeat you
before Hadlar
detects our presence.
Baran [thought]:
What is that stance?
To cast aside his weapon
in the face of battle...
What is he up to?
His Aura...
It's gone.
Baran [thought]: Hyunckel's
Aura has completely vanished...
He's like a still pond
without a single ripple.
Are you dropping your
weapon? What's wrong?!
You don't need
to worry, Crocodine.
This is a dangerous skill-
and it seems to me like even
Baran is worried about it.
Huh?!
Crocodine [thought]:
I can't sense any Aura
coming off of him.
Baran is quieting
his Aura, as well.
What's going on?
Now my Aura is the
strongest one here!
I see. It's a self-sacrifice.
Self-sacrifice?!
If either of us
unleashes a powerful attack
it will create an opening.
You intend to
exploit that opening
and strike me with
a counterattack.
Hardly a revelation.
Avan's book mentions a
skill I thought beyond me.
One that I couldn't
possibly learn in time.
You see...
Fifteen years ago,
when Avan fought
the Dark Lord Hadlar,
he unlocked this ability.
Avan Style's
Ultimate Technique...
Hollow Stance!
Hollow Stance?
Hyunckel: In order to avoid
a fatal blow from an enemy,
one must completely drain
the power of their Aura
and ride out the
force of the attack.
Let their attack go
through you.
It can't be done
with a weapon.
Or with any desire to
defeat your enemy in combat.
And Avan took that risk.
When he chose
to lower his sword.
Avan: Come on, Hadlar!
What a fool! You've
made a fatal mistake!
This will be... your doom!
Avan: Avan...
Strash!
Hyunckel: Avan used the
Hollow Stance and Avan Strash.
By combining the ultimate
passive and active techniques,
he defeated Hadlar.
I, on the other hand, always
held my weapon for revenge.
To cast it aside and force
myself into a hollow state...
It was absurd to me
to even consider it.
And yet now it's
the only skill
that might give me
the advantage I need.
Using the Hollow Stance,
I'll create an opening
and use a counterattack.
Crocodine [thought]: I get it.
The stronger the attack,
the greater the opening
the Hollow Stance creates!
For someone as
powerful as Baran,
it must be making
him think twice.
That explains why he's trying
to get rid of his own aura
for this fight, as well.
Baran: You've grown into
a true adversary, Hyunckel.
I can suppress my
Aura up to a point,
but I can't erase it
completely, like you.
That state cannot
be reached without
the strongest of resolves.
There's Hyunckel.
Who is he fighting?
Albinass: I know that man...
But, he - Baran's aura
is getting stronger?!
Yes. That's your only option.
You'll have to attack,
but you must try to
hold yourself back.
Once you endure my counter,
you'll unleash a second attack.
That is, if you endure
my counter at all.
So they're both
risking their lives?!
Baran: Hyunckel, you've
shown me your resolve.
I shall face this skill,
just as you wish.
You ready? Here we go...
Hyunckel: Larhart, there
isn't a day that goes by
where I don't think of you.
This attack will be
the best I can offer.
Should I fail to stop Baran,
you can mock my foolish
attempt in the afterlife.
That's Master Baran?
It's really him?!
A deserter of the Dark Army and
father to the little hero Dai.
It's only a matter
of time before
he turns against Lord Hadlar.
This is perfect.
We can eliminate
both in one strike.
Wait a moment, Albinass!
They may in
fact be our enemies,
but it's not our place to
interrupt a duel now, is it?
Who knows how angry it
might make Lord Hadlar?
I will take full
responsibility.
Everything...
Is for the Dark Lord.
Destroy his enemies.
Show no mercy!
[roaring]
Both: Come on!
[pained roar]
A-Albinass?
Did you get them?
What happened?!
Your arm...
No wonder you like him.
Hyunckel...
Truly a mighty warrior...
Hym: Albinass!
He's no longer a threat.
That is the one silver lining.
Crocodine: I should
thank you, Baran.
Though I sense
there's more to come.
But, wait - Hyunckel.
Where's Hyunckel?!
Hyunckel! No, no!
It's too late.
Baran: He lives, but
he'll never fight again.
But how?
What in the world
could have possibly done
this kind of damage to him?!
It was an ambush.
It seems Hadlar's
soldiers interrupted us...
and he was wide open.
Baran: All of my
focus was on Hyunckel.
Everything I had was
going into that attack.
The two of us were so intent
on destroying each other-
we were exposed.
But Hyunckel noticed...
Needle Thousand!
Hyunckel: Bloody Scryde!
Baran: His Hollow
Stance absorbed the blow
that was meant
for both of us-
and he countered
their sneak attack.
Even though it meant that he
had to take my attack directly.
His words weren't
just empty platitudes.
He saved my life.
By putting his own on the line.
Crocodine: Hyunckel...
So, Crocodine...
What would you
do in my position?
Is there a way to somehow
repay this sacrifice?
Don't ask me, Baran.
I'm ashamed to admit
it, but deep down,
I wanted you to
fight King Vearn.
I thought it would
benefit the humans!
Getting in your way
would be futile, I thought-
I was ready to stand down.
And yet...
And yet, Hyunckel...
There's nothing I can say.
He can be cold,
but he's a human that
I'm proud to call my friend!
Please, let us honor
the decision he has made.
Baran: I see.
Leona: The Dark
Citadel, Vearn Palace.
So, the Citadel Gate
is underwater, is it? Huh.
That's Chiu. Always a
surprise with that one.
I think I...
I need to destroy the gate.
While everyone
else is fighting
Hadlar's Royal Guard
on the surface.
Leona: Wait a minute, Dai.
Even a Dragon Knight
isn't going to
take that gate down easily.
It's far too risky
for you to go alone.
You need someone to
come with you.
I can go. Leave
it to me and Dai.
But you're our key player
against the Royal Guard!
I'll go instead.
Baran: No, I will.
[trembling]
Popp: Baran?!
Narrator: Baran's
appearance has everyone wary,
but Dai agrees to
collaborate with his father
in order to infiltrate
Vearn's Citadel.
With much on their minds,
the pair split
off from the group
and head for the
Dark Army's stronghold.
But what will they find waiting
for them when they arrive?
Find out next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Father and Son
Dragons Set Out".